So Authentication basically has two patterns which is the statefull and the stateless
-> In the case of statefull node Authentication when the client is making a request to the server with
its credential the  server check for its validity and then returns the client with an session Id which is unique to the client.
Now with the help of this Session UID the client can make requests to the server and access the data they want,
the server also store a trace of that ID during the Authentication casuse the server then uses it to search for the user
and its access control.



handling erros:
SO we were getting a strange error about one of our route that the redirect url is not found
// upon debugginng we came to know that any other new route which is structured like
// localhost/something express was taking it as shortId if that new route is below our shortId route.
The first fix was to move the newly created route above the /shortID this fixed the problem partially 
Still now when we were hitting our new route we were getting the redirect url not found error cause 
browsers would be hitting /favicon.ico automatically to find a icon in the tab and this route is being directed
to the handleredirecturl function cause /favicon.ico is treated as shortID so adding this route before shortID
helped to fix the problem in general.


Server side rendering:
Render the whole HTML page from the server.
// in the production code it becomes so much difficult to write all of the html over here, so instead of this we can work with
  // view engines. This would keep our code more clean and optimized.
  // We would be using EJS in our scencerio.



statefull NodeJS Authentication
So client would be sending the server with its credentials and in return the server would
return us with a unique ID called the session ID, and it also keep a record of this ID.
Now whenever we are making an request after the authentication to access any part of the server we need to send the
unique id with the request as well. The server then matches the ID and grants our request.
This adds an extra layer of security cause sometimes some user wont be having access to some part of the server which can be distinguished
using these unique ID which comes with the request from the users.


// Flow of Authentication in express

So the client would be sending a request for authentication, it goes to the middle ware which would check for the UID,
if it is not present then it would deny the request instead of forwarding it further.








